# R2WtoStrava
Script that gives the ability to take running2win logs and put them on strava
To use this just have the 3 python files in the same directory as the js file and run the js file and it autocalls the python files to do the work. To run it there are 3 variables in the js file "choice" "index" "stravaIndex". choice is either "u" for updating an existing strava log that is the nth most recent strava log you have where n is stravaIndex using the comments from the ith most recent r2W log where i is index, "cr" to create a manual upload run with the information that is in the ith most recent r2W log with i being index or "cx" for the same as cr but for manual cross training/ uploads with 0 distance. 

To do this you will need your own access token for create.py and update.py. This can be done by going to strava and making an api app and using the access code it gives put it in the authenticate.py script and run it then click the link it gives. this link will ask to authenticate the read and writes for activity and click authenticate on the page then go to the website it takes you to (it will be an error website) then take the code part of the url that comes after code= and then use that to run the following command in postman as a cURL "https://www.strava.com/api/v3/oauth/token?client_id=CLIENT_ID&client_secret=CLIENT_SECRET&code=CODE&grant_type=authorization_code that will then give you a json where one of its keys is access token. this access token will have access to reading and writing activities and can be used in create.py and update.py and then the js file will work as intended to convert r2W logs to strava.

Additonally currently it only accesses the r2w files from the current month but this can be changed by adding a puppeteer request to click on a button to change the month and then nothing else should change. 
